This film is sponsored by Elyland
Say hello to the best gamers in the world.
No flaws
It’s me, I’m coming back, baby, come play video games.
You thought that I didn't play video games because I was too playful.
Yes, cry, you should thank me for not playing games.
Because I will blow your ass, your mother's ass, and your dad's ass (?)
And now, I am going to marry you in Wormax.io.
You may be familiar with this game.
He has many similarities with all games.
But it has a lot of new features.
Like a task,
Different abilities, games, 3 kinds of skills, accelerators, you can also play multiplayer games with friends.
Grade and multiple props
The best part is
You can also choose the style
That should be me.
Yay
Hey, it has a brother boxing
I don't think this is me, but it is so cute, so I have to choose it.
I mean I am the best player.
I have to take over the world, Bros.
Yeah, now I have this, how can I accelerate it?
Then I unlocked new skills
We have to change to the first place.
I won’t stop until the pewdiepie leap forward.
First place, go to the first place
Dry, I just lost what happened, everything happened.
Oh my haha
No, not good, so now we have two new skills.
I can't stop, I have to guess which is useful, but now is not the time.
E should let me pass other people
Suck that, little penguin
Sorry, I take this game too seriously.
I am killing me and killing this game.
I was born to play this game, I am this game.
I am here to be important and not to be able to be respected with a gun.
Don't block my way, don't block my way.
Let's die, yes, I have no pity.
Oh, another one.
49, we have to be the first
Pewdiepie does not play games
That's because I am too playful.
I will play to the north.
I was born... stop you, fucking 屎
It doesn't matter, that's the second inconvenience.
We will go back to the top, we can also play that game
Suck my snake and suck it down
Hey, wait for that guy to use mine.
Oh, that’s not me, but it’s casual.
a little frustration
Don't worry, we have to be the first
No matter how
Good, there are also items in this game.
Look at that yeah
Can I get one more? Please.
Honestly, this is a bit difficult
I need to start using skills.
I think that is the problem.
Hey, you are out of this way.
I am sorry, you just made three small
Oh no, you can't play it.
How?
And I respect women #$% people
Don't you try to engage me.
The best gamer in the world
Look around and see the swing
What did he do? What is it?
Oh, you are not trapped.
Do not
No, he is trapped, who is going to do something?
No, please.
Really miserable
Oh, he is not trapped, is it not?
I don’t see you, you can’t be like that.
Why don’t you stop?
Stop, stop, dry
Super stimulating
喔 尬 尬 喔 喔
Some murderous wars are here.
Buy 尬尬尬尬尬尬尬尬
I am the only one
Go and you are the snake of the north.
Hey everyone, do you want to be eaten?
Triple predation
Yes, you live in me.
You live in me.
Hey, do you think you will survive?
Oh, that’s so cute, it’s really cute.
Triple what happened here
Oh, don’t you let one escape?
Oh, wait, they are all dead.
Oh no, Jundo.
Don't be Jundo
Jundo will end your life, please.
I don't have time to do this. Jundo, you have no way to go.
Jundo stop
Jundo please
Jundo, please
You are so bad now, Jundo
Not Jundo
Jundo
Jundo Survival Documentary Official Preview (2017)
JUNDO
King? sucking my ass is almost the same
Caught
It’s very exciting to rely on the north.
Buy 尬ye
This is great
Great, more power
Unlimited power
Oh, you are not trapped.
Do not
You are trapped
I am the only one
Dangerous danger 喔
What do I use skills? I use skills. This makes no sense.
I can't... I can't
You can stop and then you suddenly stop.
This is a very useful skill
I bought it and everyone is dead.
Everyone is dead, hahahahahahahaha
Sorry, sorry, everyone is mys.
Hey, they have been leaning over.
What the hell is that? What are they doing?
Oh, no
They have been rushing to death and what are they doing?
17 people have baby
You are trapped, in the trap of poodie
No, it’s Misa
Misa, why don't you go to eat pizza?
Then suck my pizza, yeah
Yeyeyeyeye
Oh, no, you are blocked.
You are blocked
What? What? How?
Give me these rewards, ok
Sure
Then I have to change it.
My poodiepie style
You are going to buy 尬
Out of the game, his mother’s
Out of the game
You are all out of the game.
Bekeck's Taipa
I am a snake, I am a snake, I am a slain snake.
I am a snake, I am... Oh, I am trapped, I am trapped, I am trapped.
Oh no, don't you miss it?
No, no, no seniors.
Seniors please
Oh, I am the only one....
I am back
Only one belief makes me come back
Just to be the first
Piers Morgan
Help me, Piers, help me get the first place.
No, you can buy props in this game.
Choose a prop to buy
I want to buy radioactive material if they attack me. If I die, they can’t grow longer.
Wow, do you know that? Piers Morgan
P: Wow.
I have to kill Piers Morgan at least.
No reason P: You can never find me.
Hey, I see....I saw you on the map, you are here.
You can technically feed me thank you.
P: Oh, I will feed you F: Hello, feed me Piers, please feed me.
Feed me, Piers.
You should....hey....Piers, what are you doing? That is what I am careful about.
P: Wow, you look like a golden dragon.
嘿Piers
Jesus Christ Piers
You crazy little...
Ah, ah, what happened to his horse?